# Palestinian Flag Dark Inspired Theme for Visual Studio Code

This extension provides a dark theme for Visual Studio Code that is inspired by the colors of the Palestinian flag. It has been carefully crafted to provide a visually comfortable coding experience, particularly suitable for long sessions in low-light environments.

The theme incorporates the flag's characteristic colors (black, white, green, and red) in a balanced way that enhances readability and minimizes eye strain.

## Features

- Dark background to reduce glare and eye strain.
- Syntax highlighting that reflects the Palestinian flag's color scheme.
- Customized colors for UI components such as buttons, selection, and hover states.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following installed:
- [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com/))

## Installation

Since this theme is not published on the Visual Studio Code Extension Marketplace, you will need to install it manually. Here are the steps to do so:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine using Git:

   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/MohamedElashri/pal-theme
   cd palestinian-flag-dark-theme-vscode
   ```

2. Install the Visual Studio Code Extension Manager (`vsce`) globally if you haven't already:

   ```sh
   npm install -g vsce
   ```

3. Navigate to the root directory of the theme and package the extension:

   ```sh
   vsce package
   ```

   This will create a `.vsix` file which is the packaged extension.

4. Install the packaged extension to your Visual Studio Code:

   ```sh
   code --install-extension palestinian-flag-dark-theme-*.vsix
   ```

   Replace `palestinian-flag-dark-theme-*.vsix` with the actual name of the file generated by `vsce`.

## Activating the Theme

After installation, you can activate the theme by following these steps:

1. Open **Visual Studio Code**.
2. Go to `View` > `Command Palette` or press `Ctrl+Shift+P`.
3. Type `Theme`, choose `Preferences: Color Theme`, and select `Palestinian Flag Dark Inspired`.

## Contributing

Contributions are what make the open-source community such an amazing place to learn, inspire, and create. Any contributions you make are **greatly appreciated**.

If you have a suggestion that would make this theme better, please fork the repo and create a pull request. You can also simply open an issue with the tag "enhancement".

Don't forget to give the project a star! Thanks again!

## License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.


## Acknowledgements

- Colors inspired by the Palestinian flag.
- The amazing community of VS Code theme creators for their inspiration and guidance.


